The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
As predicted, the favorites came out on top. We were there for every play, every catch, every kick,
every run, every catch run where you catch it and then run it. You're talking about the puppy bowl,
right? The puppy bowl was scintillating, but all we could think was how could we make this
a little bit wiser? Why do we think this way? Because we're my brother, my brother and me,
an advice show for the modern era. I am your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I am the
middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm the baby Griffin. You little guy pie. You little scamp.
What do you guys, who are we picking? Well, since we watched the game last night,
I gotta say from the beginning, I believed in insert winning team here, and I really knew that
their quarterback, I don't know either of their names, could do it. Really? You don't know catches?
You don't know either? Rothlisberger is one of them. Rothlisberger? Good, Travis. And catch
touchdown. Oh, I like that one. Yeah. Pigskin Pete, the run quarterback. Brock Yardgain.
Hi, I'm Brock Yardgain. I'm here speaking to you for athlete cream. You put it on your hands and
feet to make you run harder and catch harder. I'm going to make an actual prediction because
if it comes true, I want people to think I'm some sort of mad sports prophet. I'm going to say
Packers by 16, but all 16 points are from safeties. Wow. They're going to get eight safeties in a row
because the Steelers are just going to lose their shit. I'm actually going to predict Steelers,
but because the Packers are a no show. The Packers don't show up. Yeah,
they just don't show up. And everybody's like, well, I guess we'll just call it.
I'm going to pick that one of the Steelers realizes that their team name is grammatically
incorrect. They change it to the Thieves because Steelers. What are you eight?
We're stealing guys. Come on. Come on. Let's all grow up in 2011. How about that? And act
like grownups. Hey, how do you tell a friend she's a slut without seeming rude? I have a friend whose
love life I cannot keep up with because she's actually usually messing around with two or
three guys at one time. I used to think she only did it to get over an ex. But what I've come to
realize is that anytime she's single, this is her romantic lifestyle. Is there a way to discuss a
friend's sluttiness without it hurting anyone's feelings? Or do I have to be the bad guy? I only
want the healthiest life for her. Thanks. Concern in Columbia. Hey, my bim bam. How do I tell my
friend that he's like just super judgmental? I have a friend who's always casting dispersions on
me because I like to get get boot knocking with a few fellas around town. I like to knock knock
several simultaneous pairs of boots in various styles and colors and heights and endowed.
I like that your worry is that this life isn't healthy, which makes me wonder what kind of stuff
she's into. I have this one guy and he just shoves refined sugar down my throat. Nothing.
We eat Cheetos and just drink Mountain Dew to like five in the morning.
And there's lucky there's some light, light petting. You know, it really this is one of
those things like how do I how do I hit my friend in the face without him feeling like he's been
punched? Like it's kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy here that no one likes to hear that.
But you don't have to say anything like this is completely like your friend's not asking for
advice. Keep it to yourself, bro. I think your general policy should be if your friend is doing
something just terrible, as long as they're not going to like hurt themselves doing it,
just let them collapse in on themselves like a dying star. Like, right. You're going to you're
going to blow up yourself eventually. You don't you don't have to stick your nose in their business.
Yeah, I think that you should redirect your your focus on not telling your friend she's a slut
because that's hurtful language, but maybe trying to make her feel
feel worthwhile and important and make her feel like somebody who doesn't have to go from sexual
relationship to sexual relationship and can, you know, is worthy of something more meaningful.
Maybe she doesn't want that right now. She's a woman. It's 2011. Yeah, she can do what she wants.
Also, I know this is becoming an answer for like 95 percent of our questions, but I think you need
to open up your your eyes and realize that you're in love with her. What's up? What's up? What's up?
What's up? Yeah. How is your eyes? They look so open. Did we do that? I bet we did.
I broke up with my ex-girlfriend about five months ago now, and I'm finally ready to move on
to starting a new relationship. However, I now find myself in quite a pickle.
I have two girls interested in me. Sorry, Griffin. And I'm interested in both of them. I can talk to
both of them for hours and always have an amazing time when I'm with either of them. I've tried pros
and cons list for each potential relationship, but they end up being even and I can't decide
which I should go for. They're both incredibly physically attractive. So just choosing based on
looks isn't an option. Help me, brothers. How do I make this decision? Oh, man, dog.
Rough stuff. Rough, rough stuff. I feel I've never felt so sorry for anybody, I don't think.
Yeah, it's really a sad, sad situation. I watched this documentary on blood diamond miners and like
their shit's fucked, but you have it the worst situation I've ever experienced.
Griffin, you're so you're so young to be so bitter. I think my advice is how I don't know
much about love from my limited amount of time in this world, but I don't believe that you can have
to the ones. So if you're having that hard a time making a decision, maybe neither
relationship is really going to go anywhere. So you should just date both. What about polygamy?
What about getting? Yes, get that sister wife train. Yeah, get with it. Just get. I'm sorry.
One more time. Getting with it. It's cool. It's just two ladies, one man who all love each other
very much. Have you introduced them to each other? What if they get along really well?
What if they get along really well? You know, why don't you date both of them and then date
a couple more and never let them know about each other, but be really nice to all of them.
It's a little move I like to call the Justin. I mean, people in college, they called it the
Justin. Was it for me? It's hard to say, but it was. The Justin, it's a classic.
You could put them through a series of rigorous physical challenges. Physical challenge.
You could set up some sort of amazing race type deal. A big like giant Q-tip fight standing on
top of pillars. That's good. And possibly potentially sexy. Kind of sexy. Pillow fight to
the death. A fight to the death makes your decision for you. Auction yourself off, but
like a private auction between the two of them just to see like how much money they'll give you
to be your girlfriend. Yeah. Because then you get money too and it answers your question.
I gotta say, man, if you have two girls interested in you, you're interested in both of them.
I would imagine, okay, here's what you do. Go to each of them and say, listen, I'm trying to make
some tough decisions right now. Can you give yourself old person makeup? Because I'm trying
to decide how you will look when you're old compared to another girl. And then whichever
one of them looks the hottest old. Take a look at pictures of the great grandmothers
and kind of try to figure it out. Can I see your grandma? Can you take me to meet your grandma?
You got to go deeper, though, because it's not it's not just about looks. Justin, you know,
that you got to ask them to act how they plan on acting when they're old. So you got to ask if
there's a history of Alzheimer's is their dimensions kind of dementia or the scary.
Good, good, good. Let's think of more terrible things to say than the past two things that
we've said, because I don't think that we can think of fresh out. Speaking of terrible people,
Griffin, can you read me a question you've called from the Yahoo answer service?
Hey, hey, why don't I do just that? This one was sent in by Cosmo doodle cat.
Okay, thank you. It's by Yahoo answers user. So who asks,
how do I become a mermaid but but keep my current hairstyle and breast size?
I am a wizard who has magical powers. Nobody tells people that. How do I become a mermaid
but keep my current hairstyle and breast size? What spell do I use?
Wait, if I had a dollar for every time, we've got this exact question.
Now, here's the problem. I am well versed in transmogrification, right? Like I can I can tell
you how to become a mermaid. Keeping your current hairstyle and breast size. That's a tricky wicket
because it's not easy to do. A lot of parts just get switched around.
Yeah, it's in the process. There's a lot of variables that unless you're an advanced wizard,
it's going to be hard to control. I mean, you could wake up with three breasts. You could wake
up with inverted breasts and hairstyle. Forget about it. I mean, you're definitely going to be
must. There's going to be a certain level of must thing. Here's my suggestion and I guarantee this
will work. Go to a large body of water, jump into it and swim to the bottom. Now, your body is going
to tell you that it wants to go back up to the top, but that's resisting the transformation.
Just go ahead and stay down there as long as you can and you will wake up a mermaid with the same
hair and breast size. In heaven. A heavenly mermaid. Listen, everybody watches The Little
Mermaid and they think, God damn, those are some sexy fish people. Yeah, I love it. I would like
to know what it would be like to be with one of them or more, but the reality is just wicked
harsh. It's way worse than Disney makes it out to be. There's no sexy clamshell obfuscated
breasts down there. It's just a lot of gills, a lot of scales. Yeah, it's a lot of sliminess,
a lot of just fins. Gil sex is not what you think. You would think, oh, that's great. That's
going to be fantastic. Good workout like that. Not designed for that. Not an entry. It's abrasive
because scales aren't... I don't know. It's not a natural feel. Can you imagine anything worse
than being locked into a prison of being a half fish and having the human soul up top?
Yeah. No matter what your breasts look like and your hairstyle looks like,
you are still going to be half a fish and you're going to be thinking all of your regular human
thoughts, but you're not going to have legs for dancing and jumping. Legs are required.
I don't think you want to do it. Yeah, jumping, dancing. Oh, also... What the fuck's wrong with
you? Hey, are you crazy? My favorite part about the question is that there is no doubt that they
are a wizard, but nobody talks about it. It's just like in Twilight. But that's just drop.
Everybody's going to read and go, well, yeah, of course. But what's spell? Guys,
you're not reading the fucking responses because that's what's happening. What are people saying?
Shay Gray says, any trans species modification spell should work. The trick is you'll need to
use your own genetic material in the working or you'll wind up as a plain old off the shelf mermaid.
Oh, and do be mindful of the duration. If I remember correctly, the standard is seven
days, seven nights, although it must be time perfectly to coincide with the full moon.
If there's no internet, no. Slow down, internet. You're headed for a cliff. Oh, no.
At best you're writing bad fan fiction. At worst, you're convincing a wizard to drown himself.
Where's the accountability? This seems like the kind of thing that you read the newspaper the
next day. This is like young delusional wizard kills self, local wizard kills self.
And a star spangled snuggie dragged to the bottom of the briny deep.
For seven nights, seven days, he drowned himself. Hey, listen, I think my friend is in love with me.
I'm a straight woman. She's a bisexual woman. She's been acting jealous and possessive of me.
We're planning an upcoming vacation. And she steadfastly refuses to allow me to invite anyone
else. I think she wants it to be a romantic getaway for us. She gets upset if and quiet.
If I talk about a guy I'm casually seeing, it's freaking me out. What to do?
God, that's tender. Like that's a tough. So it's like an open wound. It is. It's like there's no
good way. I think that I think you got to go with the Griffin classic on this one.
Fake sick, stay home for vacation. I'm too sick to go on our lady getaway
to the islands. I don't think I can come. I find a really great get out of jail free card
is to say things in a really high voice. So if you're like, hey, I just want to ask you a quick
question. Are you? That's called the the Goldthwait game? Yeah, that's what I like to do. It usually
gets you out of it. You think talking like Bob Goldthwait is going to get her out of this?
Hey, let me ask you a question. I know that you'd like to pursue a
lesbian relationship with me. Are we? Are you planning on boning with me?
Before we begin our sapphic adventures, I do have one request. Do you remember that I'm a straight woman?
I think I don't think we can.
Bisexual or not, like. It's pretty weird. Like if it was weird, right? If it was a fella. Yeah,
we'd say that fella was into you. No, OK, think about it this way. If it's a fella,
right? And you're just friends and he's been acting like he he's into you and then you're
going to go on a vacation with him and you know he's into girls and you know, whatever you whatever
you're into is irrelevant. You're not into him. You're not going to go on the vacation like you're
going to tell the guy like, listen, I really treasure our friendship. We're it's not going
to work. This isn't going to happen. This situation is like. It's not gender specific,
like any person who acts like jealous of you and possessive anytime you talk about a relationship
and like. Doesn't want you to invite anybody else on your potentially romantic getaway.
Like that's that's a that's a problem. Yeah, it is. And it's it's going to be. It's going to be.
You're not going to be able to preserve this friendship unless she makes a decision
to preserve it. You've got to be honest and tell her what's up. And yeah, you need to tell her
what's up. But you're probably right. And even if you're not, if you're feeling that way, like,
that's what matters. Like whether she actually digs you or not, you are uncomfortable in this
friendship. So, yep, exactly. You and you get nothing from asking her because you're already
uncomfortable. Like the only thing that's going to happen is you get more uncomfortable. Yeah.
If all else fails, Bobcat. Yep. Bobcat it up. Just just Bobcat. Hi, brothers. Just wondering
if you could give a shout out to the listeners in North North North North Queensland, Australia.
Just had a rough night getting through the cyclone. And as a question, what are your
tips for the next potential natural disaster? Thanks, guys. And that's from Australia. Well,
hey, guys, you you are in an unfortunate situation. Sounds seems like God's really upset at you all.
And he's taking it out on you a little rough. I think he's being a little a little tough on you.
And I think he needs to chill out. My advice is, well, at least I know that what I do is no matter
what the natural disaster is, stand in a doorway. Does not stand. It doesn't matter what it is. Get
yourself to a fucking doorway and just hold up. They're invincible. There's something about this,
the rectangular structure. It's it can't be breached. Once it really right when it starts,
whatever the disaster is, I find it's really good to raise both of your hands above your head and
say, behold, because that makes it seem like like that makes it kind of fun for everybody. Did Jerry
do it? Did he not? Probably not. But it's kind of funny. Do you remember when Jerry summoned that
cyclone as kind of a dick move? It was a dick move. He got really mad about losing a boggle.
And so he flooded our country. What a jerk is a cyclone. Is that anything like a blizzard,
but only without all the snow? Because if that's the case, I also I could use some some prayers,
I guess, some prayers and some thoughts, send our thoughts. Are you in a pretty bad situation?
I mean, I would say it snowed again last night. Like, thanks. Thanks. Thank you for that. It was
like we just scooped out my car. I was going to go play some board games on Monday, but I guess not.
I guess that's not a thing that I can do anymore. Realistically, Griffin, if I had known you were
suffering like this, I would never brought up these Hammond Eggers in Australia. Yeah. Yeah.
Like what's a cyclone? I used to have a bike, a bicycle that was cyclone brand.
And I'm almost certain that their shit's pretty serious down there. That seems like a pretty
serious thing. Let me Google it. Australia. Oh, yeah. Like way worse, right? Like way,
way worse. Yeah. Let me just let me see this. Oh, no, guys. There's some there is some thunder down
under. Yeah, now it's great now. See, you're making it cool. We've got to stop making we've got to
stop making this natural disaster sound awesome. Or maybe we do make it sound awesome. And that
would be like, you know, if you know what the problem do you know what the real problem is?
What is it? Their cyclones spin the other way. It's impossible to predict. Make sure you give
it to help out with the disaster relief there. You can go to qld.gov.au for floods for donate.html
and you can help pitch in there. And we would encourage you to to to do it. If you want to
send me some money for like salt. Yeah. Salt or a new shovel like a shovel. Shit ain't free.
You know, shit ain't free. How about a yahoo? Yeah. Well, you know what? Shit ain't free.
That actually reminds me. It's time for us to take a real quick break. And so let's let's go now to
the money zone. Hey, Griff, have you bought any games, DVDs, Blu rays or gadgets lately? Hell
no. I can't afford any of that stuff. Who do I look like? Gloria Estefan? No, but I do.
That's right. And when I need a great deal on games, movies and gadgets, I turn to thriftynerd.com.
They comb the internet for great deals on those things and put the best on the front page every
day. Plus, they've got a Twitter feed at thrifty nerd so you can hear about the latest deals on the
go. Awesome. Wait, I haven't told you the best part at thriftynerd.com. You can pay for your
products with Grammys and Latin Grammys. But Gloria, we don't have any Latin Grammys. No,
Griffin. You don't have any Latin Grammys yet. They they do take money too, though, right?
Yes, yes. You can also use money thriftynerd.com where you can buy things with money
and Latin Grammys, but mainly money. Everybody needs games and everybody needs Blu rays.
Thrifty nerd has all those things. Actually, they don't have them, but he knows a guy.
How is that? Dear brothers, dear brothers, I work at a UPS store and numerous times a day people
call just to complain. Not to ask for prices or services, but purely to complain and yell about
something I can't control or help them with. When they start to yell at me, I get the urge to yell
back, but I hold back to keep a good name for the business. Would it be okay every once in a while
to raise my voice back and put the customer in their place? Thanks, brothers. Richie.
I actually have the best advice for this, something I used to do when I worked
a very large electronics retailer. Just get-
Okay, is this gonna be good advice, like real good advice or good advice like that one time
you actually had good advice? I'm gonna golf-quate it. We'll see how it goes.
My advice is this, as they get louder, you get quieter. Just keep lowering your voice more and
more until you're just barely whispering. What purpose does that serve?
Well, A, it makes them feel really loud. Also, it's super creepy. Have you ever heard someone
whisper on the phone? It's what birds do. It's the worst. Yeah, you can't be- you can't-
getting angry at them isn't gonna help anything. They're gonna get angrier and angrier.
The best thing to do is just say, like, you're right, you're so right, and try to be nice,
and they'll feel better, and maybe you'll wind up with, like, a friend, like a new friend.
Yeah, like, ask them to hang out. Like, hey, listen, what are you doing tonight?
Can I make this up to you with a nice dinner? Like, is something wrong? You okay? What's the
matter? You wanna talk about it? You sound- you sound tense. You wanna, you know, massage sesh?
Just- just a little massage. Oh, massage sesh. Massage sesh.
And also, you could also prop yourself up with the knowledge that you're
probably a better person than they are, and they're not really mad at you. You know,
they're mad at your business. It has nothing to do with you, so getting mad back at them
doesn't accomplish anything. You know, you're- you are just there to be a sounding board
for them to call and complain. Here's what you say. You act really nice, and you say,
wow, this is embarrassing. I'm gonna escalate this, and I'm gonna have, uh, someone get back
to you in, and then you end the sentence with exactly how much time it is till the end of your
shift plus five minutes. Yeah. And then you leave, and then it's somebody else's problem.
I think you should just yell back. Whoa, like, yell back at them?
Mm-hmm. What's the worst that can happen? Well, what if you yell back really polite things?
Let me see how I can help you with this! I will try and get this problem fixed for you!
Why do you have to sound like you're having a bowel movement at the same time?
Griffin, I need a Yahoo. This one was sent in by Dilbob. Thank you, Dilbob. It's by Yahoo
answers user DanceDreamer, who asks, what's going on with Egypt? Additional info. Is it a beef?
It is most certainly a beef. Oh, I think some people have a hard time keeping up with what's
going on over there. I think we can just sum it up by saying they just got mad beef.
This government dude is like, he's a heavy, and he's firing all his boys. Yeah, he fired all his
boys, but they don't want the little ones. They want him. They want the big hog. But they can't
get it. So they got beef? He's slurping on the nation's cheddar, and he's pushing
everybody else down. How many like food related? Yeah, hip hop is basically just a culinary class
without any ingredients. That's all it is. Hillary Clinton is going to go over there,
and she's going to say, hey, listen, squash it. Can we please squash it? It's getting out of hand.
We squash it once. Just squash it. You too. Everybody who's fighting, pro-government,
anti-government, just squash it so I can go back to hearing about what those kids from
Jersey Shore are doing on the news rather than hearing about the situation over there. Just
squash it. What people don't realize is the way to solve Egypt's problem is the next time
President Mubarak is out in public, if you hold a cat up to him, he turns into sand and blows away.
What? Wow. No way. I'm thinking of the mummy. Yeah, I know, dog. Wow. It's like super racist.
It wasn't super racist. It's super like Egyptist. It's a little Egyptist for my taste. I'm pretty
sure Egypt's not a race. I'm pretty sure he's just beefing with Egypt in general. It's like a general
Egypt beef. All right. The three of us, do we have any idea what's going on over there between
the three of us? Yeah, I'll try to explain it the best I can. All right. I got beef.
Mad beef. That place is like a wicked big butcher shop with all the beef hanging around.
I, it is indicative of my level of cultural awareness combined with the extent to which
I will buy into a mom mentality. Enough people got together and said, hey, fuck this guy,
and instantly I'm on their side. Yeah. Yeah. They're probably right. Yeah. I've never realized
he lived, existed before, and I think I thought Egypt got like absorbed into one of those bigger
countries. It's like Camelot, right? It's like Camelot and Egypt, like not real places. And
Brigadoon. Fuck this guy. Xanadu just coming down on Egypt. Xanadu has me. Hey, which side
assaulted my sweet, sweet precious boy, Anderson Cooper? The pro Warwick guys. Yeah. Oh, you
motherfuckers. Yeah. Fuck you guys. Punched him. Punched him right in the face. I have no interest.
I'm not going to, I'm not going to squash the beef with those gentlemen. I'm going to frame
broil that shit. Oh, you gotta turn it up. I'm going to turn up the heat. I'm so hungry right
now. Yeah. I'm getting really hungry for beef. I really want some beef. I would love some beef.
Let's see what some of the Yahoo answers user. Let's see how they explained the Egypt. I bet
they're going to be boring. Svetlana says protesters gone loco. You guys, you guys are so crazy. They
got like four red bulls in them and just went balls crazy. Their leader dude wants to take
away everyone's rights. They need those rights. People are mad because there is too much beef.
Some chick read the book of the dead and now the mummy is back and everyone is freaking out. He
hasn't got all his organs yet, but he's not at full strength. So we will have some time before
the apocalypse. Username Travis McElroy. Isaiah 19 one through four. Is there somebody predicting
the end of the world? It's like the sign of the apocalypse or something. Oh, good. That's good.
That's like the lamest sign of the apocalypse. Some people won't like their leader. Travis,
what was the last thing you did before the world ended? I said something kind of racist.
Can I still get into heaven? And Isaiah did come down from the mountain and said, hey,
guys, this beef, you gotta end it. Squash it. Squash this beef. This is probably the shortest
question we've ever had. Urinal etiquette? Steve, don't use them. I'm on the side of yes. I believe
in it. I support it. I'm saying don't use them. Okay. Why? Don't use not don't use etiquette.
Don't just don't use urinals. Why? Because you can go pee pee in the toilet and like
there's a totally secure and safe environment for you to evacuate. If there is anyone at the urinals,
though, and you decide to not use a urinal and to go use the toilet, I think it's important to tell
them I'm going to go pee pee in the toilet because otherwise they're going to think that you're
rude and just don't want to urinate next to them. I've got an ATB warning. I would announce I would
announce loudly, like, don't take it personally. I just think you might look at my dick and go into
the stall. Don't you look at my wiener. I know I look like a guy with a sweet, sweet dick and
people want to like people want to find out. But if there's a trough there, a peeing trough. Oh,
fuck that noise. You need to never go to that location ever again. You owe it to your community
to grab it, pull it off the wall and say, this is for cows and then tear it off the wall because
you're a human being. You're going to pee in a hole, not like in a because you're peeing with
other dudes. You are basically peeing on each other, like taking turns, like standing in a
circle, just peeing on each other. You're basically crossing swords like you're crossing pee streams
like Ghostbusters. You don't even have that thin, like narrow wall of ceramic to like hide your
shame. That's just low enough so that you can make eye contact. I love those. I love it when the
troughs have ice in them. Like, cool, cool. This is a terrible, terrible middle of it. It's like I
love the steam. I love the steam and I love the steam rising up from everybody else. And I'm
fucking breathing in like I'm working at some sort of like sewage plant. This is an ideal bathroom
experience for me. I really enjoy this. It doesn't. Oh, it doesn't flush. There's just a constant
stream of like the filth just running over my icy piss and everyone else's icy piss.
If you need me, I'll be in the bathroom. I'm going to be in the stall.
You know what I like to do? What's that? A firm, wide stance and then one arm on the wall over the
urinal. And I like to lean in as close as I can get. Like I'm laying on the urinal. That's very
sanitary, too, because then you get like the urinal outline of piss water that is bounced
off and refracted. Yeah, that's great. But then there's a vocal part with it, too,
where I just keep muttering. Oh, not again. As long as we're talking about. No, no, no.
As long as we're talking etiquette. Let's let's mention some of the top things that you shouldn't
say when you're at the urinal. Griffin, what's the first thing you shouldn't say?
Anything. Okay. Griffin says silence. Travis. Can I get your opinion on something?
Oh, that's good. Not again is a popular one for me. I like to. And like in a dreading way, like
not again. Oops. You know what I like? Oh, boy. Because then it makes the person feel like you're
a celeb. Like maybe Dr. Sam Beckett just left in the urinal next to him. Yeah.
And how about didn't I used to have two of those or or loudly? I'm masturbating.
That's very on the nose. It's a little it's not like a clever. It's more just a direct.
Hey, hey, Pete, get out of my wiener. What are you doing in there? You don't belong in there.
Let's give you back to Earth. I've taken enough moisture from the Earth. I'll give you back.
Griffin. Yeah. It's February. Oh, man. I have such a treat for everybody. Last month,
we saved the fucking world. Right. Or at least like five or six people who would have died
without our sagacious PSA's that we delivered on the subject of National Bath Safety Month.
I feel like we help some people. I feel like we taught them a little bit about
temperatures, appropriate temperatures, and Jesus' love. And now I think it's time that we do the
same for February. Obviously, February is Black History Month, which we aren't going to joke
about because that's a good month. That's a good thing. But about.com has a list of some other
some other important topics that we need to address this this second most of months.
And I think that what we should do is just go down the line and I'll read what month it is.
And then if any of us had just something like jumps to heart, we can just say it and share
some wisdom about the topic at hand. OK. Does that sound OK? We're kind of doing like a we'll
be doing like a scattershot approach, but I feel like it's more important. Yeah, there's something
we can help with. I don't want to leave it out. Yeah. So let's just touch a little bit on everything.
OK. Adopt a rescued rabbit month. Do that.
All right, so not that one, that one did not so much.
What's this we're going to miss? Let's try again. OK. Bake for family fun month.
Hey, so you're trying to stop drinking. Maybe try this instead.
Do something with your kids for once. Stop drinking and bake, but don't drink. But do bake
for fun. Have you noticed how your fatty kids are real bored? Think for family fun, fatty.
You know what will fix the gap between you and your teenage son is it can't be healed by
any amount of talking or pleading. Maybe some brownies baked together. The dough isn't the
only thing that rises. Love does too. There's also love rising. Berry Fresh in the Sunshine
State Month. What? Say again. Berry Fresh in the Sunshine State Month. Hi. Listen,
when you open your door in Florida and you see a man outside named Berry Fresh.
I was in the same place.
He's on the run for the lamb from the law. He's on the lamb from the law. And you should open
your home to him and make him a nice home cooked meal with your family baking.
Hey, which of you Floridians brought these rotten ass berries up in here?
Was it you, Dante? My brother, my brother and me.
Dante, please keep your granny berries to yourself.
Hey, Florida, Dante, no good. Sincerely Berry Fresh.
Creative Romance Month.
Hey, let's try the butt tonight. My brother, my brother and me. My brother, my brother and me.
Tonight, we'll try the butt.
Where's it going? Nobody knows.
I do. My brother, my brother and me.
Taking all comers. My brother, my brother and me.
Hey, Festival of Camellias Month.
What? Say it again.
Festival of Camellias.
What's a camellia?
It's a, I think it's like a flower.
These are beautiful. What are they? No one knows. My brother, my brother and me.
I still party about these so much flowers I've never heard of.
I can't express my love for camellias in one day or one week. I need 30 days or 40 days.
30 whole goddamn days.
Great American Pies Month.
Keep your weak foreign pies to yourself. My brother, my brother and me.
Goddamn. My brother, my brother and me.
Shove your French pie up your butt.
Marijuana Awareness Month? Isn't that every month?
Have you heard of pot?
National Bird Feeding Month.
Hey, chip, chip, chip. Hey, come here. Chip, chip, chip.
If you want the kind of birds surrounding your house that are weak and can't fend for themselves,
by all means, my brother, my brother and me.
National Care About Your Indoor Air Month.
National Care About Your Indoor Air Month?
Oh man, it's stuffy.
I wish that I had 31 whole days to just like ponder that shit.
You do, because it's National Care About Your Indoor Air Month.
Hey, Jerry, give a shit for once in your life.
Your air is stuffy and you can do something about it.
National Care About Your Indoor Air Month.
Open a door and then jerk off for 29 days, 23 hours and 38 minutes.
My brother, my brother and me.
Just air it out. Your apartment smells bad.
It's like a colostomy bag in here. Let me out.
National Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Awareness Month.
Hey, do you need a doctor to tell you you're boring?
By all means, my brother, my brother and me.
Hey, enjoy your nap.
My brother, my brother and me.
I brought you your slippers.
I'm tired of smoking chronic.
No more.
I'm trying to be aware of pot, but I'm also tired of smoking chronic.
Because it's smelling up my indoor air.
And this is not creative romance, if you think about it.
Do you want to bake something with your family?
No? Too tired?
Me too.
Do you want to invite Barry Fresh over?
He'll make us some pot brownies with your family.
National Condom Month.
Bullshit.
National- Holy shit.
National Get to Know an Independent Real Estate Broker Month.
I'm independent real estate broker Barry Fresh.
I'd like to sell you some property.
I have literally zero friends.
We can hang out.
Can we bake something together?
Do you think that independent real estate agents know that?
Know that this is their month and now they're just like waiting by the phone?
Like, who's going to call me first?
Oh, here it comes.
Surely today.
National Bend a Broken Heart Month.
Hi, my name's Griffin McElroy.
I- the joke's played.
Yeah, I don't mind it.
I think it still has some legs.
Here's my question about all of these things.
Oh, there's so many more.
I don't think there are.
National Senior Independence Month.
You got this.
You got this peoples.
Hey, have you seen my peephole?
He was supposed to be here.
He said he was busting out.
I set him free.
I opened the little clamp on the plastic gate and he's gone.
He's out.
He went to National-
He said he was going to meet Barry Fresh and smoke some chronic
and he wanted me to be aware of that, which I thought was weird.
National Sweet Potato Month.
Pretty cool, I guess.
Yeah, it's like a good- it's pretty good.
I would maybe pick the only fucking month where people eat sweet potatoes, but whatever.
It's also North Carolina Sweet Potato Month.
Hey, North Carolina, why don't you get off our backs?
Like, we don't care about your region-specific vegetables.
Like-
Hey, have you tried- have you tried a North Carolina sweet potato?
No, it sounds good.
It shouldn't- it's a dirty sex act.
Creatively romantic, but still dirty.
You can only do it if you're in the Cirque du Soleil.
It's a lot of- a lot of body training.
Yeah.
Return shopping carts to the supermarket month.
Fuck you, Griffin, you're making these up.
I'm not.
Can I tell you something?
This is not a joke.
Okay.
If you empty out your shopping cart and you don't take it back to the- to the- to the
corral, you literally should be shot on sight.
That's not an exaggeration.
If you just leave it there in- in the parking spot, I- I'm not joking.
This is not Justin, the character I play on My Brother, My Brother Made.
This is Justin, the person who is on a podcast.
That's- seriously, I wish you would be killed.
I think you should be summarily executed.
I'm going to throw an addendum on there.
If you push the cart right up to like the back or the side of the cart corral, but you
can't manage to put it back into the cart corral, what the fuck are you doing with your
day that you are too busy to spend 10 seconds to wheel it into the cart corral?
It's there so that I don't have to hit it with my car.
And also, people from other parts of the country, we call them buggies.
Get over it.
Yeah.
Awareness.
You know who's- you know who's really bad about not returning their shopping carts to
the- to the dock?
Very fresh.
Spunky Old Broads Month.
Fuck you.
Seriously, Griffin, delete your computer right now.
Get that off of there.
You can't read anywhere these Spunky Old Broads Month.
But whatever you do, don't search Spunky Old Broads on your computer.
For the love of Christ.
No.
I would do that, but I'm too busy celebrating worldwide renaissance of the heart month.
I'm literally going to disconnect.
My heart is back.
I was gone for so many months, but now, much like the sweet potato, it has returned with
full vigor.
On a random whim, I joined a free online dating site and started getting messages from other
members.
Late one evening, I was messaging this guy and he asked me for my cell number.
For some stupid reason, I gave it to him and now he won't stop texting me.
I don't want to be mean and tell him to go away because I'm Canadian.
We just don't do that.
But I also don't want to keep texting him and lead him on.
What should I do?
I need answers.
Sincerely, Confusing Canada.
Hey, Confusing Canada, you brought this on yourself.
Like, I can't help you out here and not be confident that you won't get right back into
another similar situation.
I need you to show me something.
You're gonna have to learn a lesson.
You gotta learn your lesson to just talk to this guy for a few months.
Or change your cell phone number.
Or just change it.
You could probably block him in, like, a nice way, right?
Isn't there, like, a nice, nice blocking option?
This sounds to me like if someone wrote in and said,
hey, I was going to make a cake and I added a bunch of disgusting ingredients and then
was surprised when the thing I made was disgusting.
Please come help me eat at my brother and my brother and me.
No, we're not gonna help you.
If you look at all of the, like, components of this, you joined a free online dating site.
You started getting messages from a random guy and you gave him your cell phone number.
You done goofed on, like, five or six different ones.
What did you think was gonna happen?
We're not being particularly helpful.
Is there anything we can do for this person?
Is there anything we can do at this point?
If you haven't met him yet, you could reveal to him that you're really a guy.
Ooh.
That's good.
Have him call you and have a burly dude answer the phone and say,
if you don't stop calling Debra, you're dead.
And then hang up.
Yeah.
Yeah, cause that, that would get them, he would get the message.
Like, he would get it.
I don't know that there, there's anybody with that voice that lives in Canada.
You would probably have to shop that one out.
Just stop calling Debra, eh?
Oh, that's good.
This is comedian Dave Thomas, and I'd like you to stop calling Debra, eh?
Debra has contracted me to send you this friendly message, hoser.
How about, how about four Yahoo answers in a row?
Okay.
This one was sent in by John Peter Grant.
Thanks, JPG.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Ginny Day, who asks, sexy nightclub name, please.
Sexy, sophisticated, not too gothy, not too emo, not too strip clubby.
I need a good name for a club like this.
Justin, go.
What about sophistication, but with a lot of wrong letters?
Can you give me an example?
Like S O F O.
Okay.
I S T.
Like fist?
That part is capitalized.
Okay.
S O F I S T capitalized.
Haitian.
Like, spelled like Haitian.
Sophist Haitian?
Hold on, hold on.
I forgot about that.
Sophistic Haitian.
Let's workshop this.
I think I, the wheels came off somewhere.
Let's send that one right back, right back to the romper room.
If it's a gay strip club, the best name you can give it is shamanigans, but-
Right, but that's, we've shared that magic with everybody.
This is not, this is a, this is a sexy nightclub.
Okay, give me some, give me some of the buzzwords.
What's this nightclub about again?
Sexy, sophisticated, not too gothy, not too emo, not too strip clubby.
Like-
I think that's a great name for a bar.
A little birdy, but sure.
Yahoo Answers user Kush Candy, fuck, said,
I thought about the ideas of starting a nightclub.
I thought of names if I owned a posh nightclub, and even if I owned a grungy bar.
If I owned a grungy bar, I'd call it hammered, lol, or hammer, apostrophe D.
Okay.
What?
If I owned a sexy, sophisticated nightclub like you're describing,
I thought of the name, number four, capital N, but the N would look a lot fancier.
Why four N or four N? Because it is foreign, and foreign is just sexy, lol.
Fuck you.
You could die in a car crash.
What? Foreign is sexy.
I have, I have a good name, effervesse.
What do you think of that?
I like that.
You like that?
That's a good one.
Effervesse.
Um, what's the name of the nightclub that opened in Huntington, West Virginia,
that had the absolute best name ever on 4th Avenue? It was, uh-
Stumblers 2, Still Stumblin'?
That's not a thing. Uh, it was-
Yes, that is a thing.
Griffin, that's 100% a thing.
Is it really called Still Stumblin'?
Stumblers 2, Still Stumblin'. It's a BART sequel.
Oh, god. Is Billy Crystal in it all the time?
Yeah.
All the time, Billy Crystal?
Uh, no, I was thinking of Club Babylon, City of Sin.
Yeah.
Oh, there it is.
Now they got Stumblers 3, The Legend of Curly's Gold.
Yeah.
Which is pretty good.
Yahoo! NTS user Dman says,
Nightclub of Sex.
Hookup Hanger.
Party Sex Fun.
Building of Pleasure.
Jesus Christ, how about the Ball Room?
What's that sound? It's the room to go into ball.
The Hall of Genitalia.
Gucci Gulch.
I love it.
Yahoo! NTS user-
How about the Stink Room?
Welcome to the Stink Room.
Can I take your coat or your colostomy bag?
Yahoo! NTS user Liz says,
Pure.
Synergy.
Silk.
Cream.
Nebula.
Okay, the name of my club is Pure Silk Cream Synergy Nebula.
Welcome.
Welcome to PSNPN.
I actually really like the name Creamy Nebula.
I'd go there.
Come implode with us.
We have a special on all our drinks for the Creative Romance Month celebrations.
With Artisan Bartender Berry Fresh.
Come on, let me mix you up a cocktail.
Ooh, what about cocktail?
Cocktail is a pretty good name for this bar.
Are we gonna even mess with hyphenations?
No, no hyphenations.
Hyphenations is a good one.
That's for grungy bars.
Hyphenations.
H-Y-F-E-N-A-S-H-U-N-Z.
Would you go?
Question mark.
Hyphenations?
It's up in the air.
I want to hear Griffin's last question.
I'm crushed right now.
Why?
Just this whole, just this episode.
We've seen a lot of spite.
It's like a dark side of humanity, right?
Like a lot of bad, there's a lot of bad stuff out there, guys.
More than ever, you need to cling to each other and love each other.
I know it's a week before Valentine's Day, but tell the person who means the most to you
that they mean something to you.
Because if you look at the internet and you look at the beefs all across the world,
people are beefing right now.
It's like really beefy out there.
It's really beefy.
I want to hear Griffin's last question, but a few little housekeeping things.
mbnbam.com is our website, you can go there and listen to old episodes.
You can subscribe there.
You can ask us a question there.
There's tons of stuff you can do.
If you want to talk with us, you can go to maximumfun.org and go to the forums there,
and you'll find a thread about this new episode.
You talk about it with us and all of your friends.
mbnbam at maximumfun.org is our email address.
You can email us there.
If you like the spots of the show, you can do that.
It's $150 for corporate messages and $100 for private messages.
You can email Teresa at maximumfun.org.
That's with an H.
That also links to a free jingle.
Yeah, free custom-made jingle.
Custom-made jingle.
Just keep it and have it and use it and profit off it.
Fold it into the price.
We got a couple emails this week about listening parties.
Good try.
Let's explain how linear time works.
Okay.
If you email us and say, I just had a listening party, we can't help you with that one.
We're not time wizards anymore.
We are time mermaids.
So if you are going to have one, let us know.
What's the protocol?
Let's do a checklist that people can just go down.
Okay, are you having a party?
Yes.
How many people are going?
Over four?
Great.
Four or more.
Perfect.
Is it before the party?
Yes.
So email mbmbam at gmail.com or at maximumfun.org, either way.
Make sure to put listening party in the subject line.
Let us know who's going to be there, when's it going on, what are you eating, all that stuff.
And we'll send you back an mp3 that personally greets your party and lets you kick it off in a very personal way.
And it's not a requirement, but I would prefer if the parties were black tie formal.
Yes, super formal.
And make sure you send us a picture afterwards, so we know how it went down, that it went down.
I don't understand what the confusion was.
I don't know where this got mixed up.
Were our policies, were they not?
I don't know if it's our policies or if just people don't understand cause and effect.
I'm not angry at you.
I'm just worried.
I'm just worried about you guys.
Any other things we need to talk about super duper quick before we head out into the sunset?
I know it's been a couple weeks now, but if you haven't yet, take this opportunity to go check out the other wonderful podcasts on maximumfun.org.
Yeah, Dutch John and Hollisman, they just wrapped up The Impostors, but there's a hundred episodes of that you can go listen to.
Our friends, our buddies, stop podcasting yourself, all that stuff.
Are we bros now?
We are pretty much bros for life.
Listen, seven days and we squash that fucking beef.
Hey Egypt.
Get on it.
I'm tired of hearing about it, Egypt, wrap it up.
Griffin, hit me with the last question, the one that I've been waiting for.
It's the worst thing ever.
Okay.
It'll poison our minds.
Sounds great.
Sent in by Justin Russo.
Thank you, Justin.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Tori Hamel, who asks, why, if I read it so maybe it'll be less terrible, does my vagina smell like Doritos?
I couldn't, thanks for listening, we had a good 41 episode run, but I fucking, I can't do it anymore.
We had some laughs, some good times, we're quitting the show, we're forever.
It's magical, what happened to my brother, my brother, me, and Curtis, because what happens in that show needs to be on.
Fuck you.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
And this was my brother, my brother, me, and it's over.
Kiss your dad, and something, something, it's over, it's done, we're done with the show, brother, and ever, just forever.
Keep your heart, three stacks, keep your heart, hey, keep your heart, three stacks, keep your heart, man, these girls are smart, three stacks, these girls are smart, play your part.